Here is a little bit of the terms of reference to give you a rough idea of what we expect


Development of a bot with simulated human activity for redeeming products on WildBerries. The bot should
Be able to:
○ Search for products from a certain gender (male or female) at a certain time
○ Search for products by a certain search query at a certain time
○ Search for products by a requested category at a certain time
○ Adding goods to cart from a mobile device, payment from a computer, for example
○ Verification on WildBerries from different IP, phone numbers. Payment for goods on WildBerries from different cards. (1 redemption = 1 IP = 1 phone number)
○ Transfer order data from WildBerries to another platform (Delivery date, delivery status, delivery amount, delivery address, shelf life, receipt code, registration number, QR code of receipt).
○ Keep a record of your activities on WildBerries
○ Leave questions about products at a certain time
○ Leave likes on product comments at certain times
○ Add products to favorites at a specific time
○ Add products to favorites at a specific time
○ Add items to cart at a specific time
○ Leave reviews with specified text for products at a specific time ○ Leave reviews with specified text for products at a specific time
○ Help our developer to integrate your bot to our Django project after successfully integrated project is done!

Info about project:

The base file as I understand it is register.py
The file proxies.py finds free proxies from the list and checks them (the script works 24 by 7 and updates proxies.txt).
Let's deal with the register.py file

This is basically what the bot is for
Let's say I'm a seller and sell my goods on wildberries, using our service I as a seller can buy my own products
on someone else's behalf, while raising the statistics of my goods on wildberries.
What the bot should be able to do:

-Purchase goods
-Kid to basket (the seller can also make up the number of items added to the basket)
-Add my product to favourites
-Write my product reviews
-Add likes on reviews
-Search products by keywords and purchase by them


The process of purchasing goods
First of all, a buyer places an order from our service For example, he wants his product named 1 to be bought 3 times.
and from our service a request is sent to the regNew bot, which performs registration on the wildbrerries site.
using a proxy while receiving a number
from smsactivate service. The code from sms is sent to webhook which is further processed.
RegNew returns us the session, which is stored in the database of the service (on our service) for further processing.
Further process_buy is called which accepts this session and using proxy adds goods to the basket.
After successfully adding goods to the basket we need to pay for them.
To do this we need to take qr to top up the balance, so from our service after successful addition of goods to the basket. 
is executed generate_qr which returns us qr and other data.

Our paid money tops up the balance of the session and we try to redeem these goods using the session.
Calls process_pay which should redeem the goods and send us the redemption data


So far in our code all this works unstable because smsactivate sometimes does not send sms or we can not find proxy so
code for session registration works unstable.

It was decided to write a script that 24 by 7 will replenish the folder completed_sessions to not lose time on the 
registration during the process and immediately take sessions from this folder when our service accesses regNew.
At this point in the integration we stopped. 
It was all about these two functions:

1)Purchase items
2)Throw in the basket (the seller can also screw up the number of items added to the basket).

The second is process_cart suddenly if the buyer orders just to add his goods to the basket (without redemption).
But I don't know if this process_cart is used in the 1st item too.
As far as I understand there are no other functions yet.